ingress-mu-score-board
======================

Do You Remember Attrition.org? Someone hacked a bunch of sites, Attrition would make a screenshot and give credit for all to see. Recording a history of sometimes cool and often lame hacks.  This is about ... building a site where your cool hack to build great fields big and small will be recorded and credit given. So you and your friends captured half a continent in a control field? The MU-Score will make a screenshot, record who was participating: who created the links and who had resonators in the portals at the time.  And when the portal stays up for an hour. All participants get MU-Points. One for each MU and every hour forever ... until the filed is destroyed.  The moment you have a MU-Point you get listed. The more you have, the higher up in the stats you are.  There will be stats for today, this week, this month and all-time So even if you start today, you have a chance to feature without capturing whole mexico city for a week. Albeit .. this would definitely make an impression!  So right now this is just an idea. My idea and I'm looking for participants. programmers and testers and ppl with ideas for graphics.  Me ... I've run a top 10 Team at distributed net in the past century, was in the top 500 of quakeworld.net (or something like that) and tried to sell pizza on the intertubes in 1996. So I've seen a fair share of the internet and I do totally believe this idea will completely rock and be a fun project to be in!  Either enlightened or resistance ... we're all in for the MU!